Alright, so our job was to basically
do the the Redux pieces here about
removing an item from the array of items,
as well as create the action creator and
then hook it up to our component.
So let's start with the action first,
which is again,
I operate on the principle is my action
should have, like I said before,
just the facts and
how little can I know about what happened?
Because then I can handle the rest
of that in my reducer, right?
The more than my actions are aware of the
trickier like the more people will rely on
something.
I think a lot of times about
what works very quickly when
you're just doing a demo app.
It's also important to think about, okay,
like if people are coming to expect that
in the action, we have the entire
shape of the entire object.
Do you ever change
the shape of the object?
Well, now you have to find out both in
that l the actions are using that shape
and everything that might have been coded
against it, versus by keeping your surface
area incredibly small, which is like what
is the bare minimum that we need to know.
Then we can go ahead and
like our code base will hopefully
be more maintainable over time.
So in terms of removing a menu item, the
bare minimum they need to know is what?
>> The ID.
>> Just the ID yeah exactly I just as long
as I have the ID I can figure out the rest
in the reducer.
So make remove item and we'll grab I used
you you I understand the not you ideas but
like ID if you spread all
the props over ideas the thing
that means something HTML Just
add this set counter
here as well,and we should
be able to go ahead and
now see that we have in the application.
We'd love to get this working so
that when it hits submit,
we can change the count.Originally, we can
just keep this as some amount of state but
if you can actually And
the payload is I could just do the UU ID.
I'm going to nest it as an object.
So whatever UU ID is in,
whatever UU ID is passed in,
prepare the payload with that value.
And then in my reducer Pull
in this item removed, and
we'll say action type removed.
Then, what's the best way to
get something out of an array?
There is no like there's no reject
per se for an array in JavaScript.
What is the strategy for getting to
immutably get something out of an array?
Should clarify, there's ways to
mutate the array and splice it out.
But what is a way to immutably
get something out of an array?
>> I would say use from third
>> Yeah filters probably my best bet which
feels a little counterintuitive, which is
I wanna remove one thing for the array.
So, I'm gonna write a filter
that keeps everything that is
not the thing I'm looking for.
That's all we have with
the standard library in JavaScript.
You could also choose to use
something like Lodash But
it's not too bad just involves like
flipping the logic around a little bit.
So here will return the state
which has all those items and
it will filter it for each item.
You get to stay in the array,
if your item.uuid is
not the action.payload.
.EU ID.
>> So you got to stay and if you're
not the thing that we're looking for.
All right, so we have all that in place
and now we just need to go ahead and
make that singular menu item container.
So we'll go in here, we'll say menu,
item container, dot js.
And that's going to so
we'll have a map dispatch to props.
Where the, if we look at the menu
item singular, it's expecting a menu.
I am singular Expecting
this remove property.
And I know it's all wired up
to deal with that already.
So we need to figure out how
to get that action creator and
wired in there as the remove prop
that this component is expecting.
So map dispatch to props.
We'll start by we use the function
syntax at first because we'll see why
in a second.
So dispatch, and
we know that we want to turn an object and
we know the one that we need is remove.
And remove.
Now it's tricky like I could
make it ask for the UID and
pass it in, but
I got to modify the component.
Well, let's we'll start with that.
And then we'll say dispatch, remove item.
You ID.
So now I would have to go back and
modify the component.
But like I said before,
before we jumped into this exercise.
We get that own props.
Or just the prompts have been passed to
that object, which we saw before we're
spreading out the item, which means UU ID
will be a prop that we're passing in to
the container, which means we
can read from that ourselves.
So, instead of asking for that later,
we can basically give this component,
I'm going to give you a version of this
action creator that actually already knows
about your own UU ID or your own ID.
So, when you dispatch you don't
have to worry about that later.
So let's say on props you you I do.
And then finally, export const menu
item container equals Connect no for
the first argument, and
eventually we could You could do
a thing where it's like what if
we pass menu item container,
only the ID and let it fetch
the rest of the items about the rest
of details about the item from state.
That's totally a thing you could do.
I'll likely leave that as
an exercise to the reader.
But yeah, we could totally
just pass solely in the ID and
fetch it out the same way.
We're doing it later, but
we already have it wired up and
it's fine doesn't actually
save us too much.
So do map dispatch to props.
And then we'll pass in.
Menu item, and
connect needs to get imported As well,
and now in menu items floral,
We can just swap it in.
All right,
let's make sure not to make any mistakes.
Seems like everything's good.
And I can remove items from there
as well as just add one more.
Put it in, remove it.
All right, so
we've got that working as well.
And what we saw, was there's ways to get
Props that you pass into the component and
use them.
As you map that dispatch,
you're getting everything you need.
And again, the name of the game here is we
want to take these existing presentational
components.
We don't want to have to modify them.
We want to use them as they are.
There's a use case for both especially if
you're kind of wrapping a design system or
something along those lines
where you might choose to use
this approach versus the hooks approach.
There's also if you
really wanted to do both,
you could create higher
components that use hooks and
then pass the props into a component
that you pass in, as well.
I, you know, that seems just to be like
you're basically re implementing this API
yourself at that point.
So I don't know necessarily
if you need to do that.
The other nice part about the Connect API
is stuff like memoization.
And you know,
React memo is just taken care of for
you as part of the process of
connecting the components.
So, a lot of times I have found
that if performance is a concern,
a lot of times the amount of
memorization I could do have
done by hand with the hooks and
higher order components.
I get for free.
And it tends to be more performant.
That does not mean that you could
not handcraft all the react memo
within your own application you the hooks
API, but the idea that you don't have to,
especially on a large enough team,
those things tend to add up because like,
maybe somebody didn't think about it.
Well, maybe they cache the wrong thing or
use use callback Whereas actually
more expensive so on and so forth.